it's hard to say exactly how in the hell military service transfers, Um,
sometimes it does very nicely, Uh, and but other times not so much,
I think people value the leadership skills you get for sure. But
you gotta keep in mind just because you fly aircraft like me. That doesn't
automatically mean people value flying aircraft they probably
Valium or the fact that you've managed people and lead people in difficult
situations. So if there's anything that really transfers to
civilian life, that's it. But you also have to keep in mind and keep
in mind. I am still in the Navy, and I'm not in this in civilian life.
Uh, the way you interact with people subordinate specifically in
the military is probably different than how you interact with them
in civilian life, right? Probably less direct. And the demanding nature
of the Navy doesn't transfer terribly well to civilian life. I would
think